ch1-cs#3: Dazzling Smile

Pozzi descended the staircase, counting floors. 260... 258... 257... Mood was lousy. Casino with skeletons, bloody inscriptions, empty halls—it was all getting tiresome.

— 255th, — he read on the sign. — The very one where someone's waiting for me.

The door was ajar, and sounds of gunshots and familiar music came from inside.

— This is... — Pozzi strained his ears. — San Andreas?!

He pushed the door and entered.

In the room, furnished like a cheap nineties apartment, HE sat on a couch. Huge, in a yellow tank top, with an ever-present burger in hand, staring at the screen of an old TV where a GTA title screen glowed.

— Big Smoke? — Pozzi exhaled.

The figure turned around. And indeed, it was Big Smoke—same eyes, same bandana, same bulletproof vest over the tank top. But something was wrong. Too unnatural a smile, too shiny eyes, and he smelled not of burgers but of burnt fur.

— Hey, dude, — Pozzi said, taking a step forward. — How'd you end up here?

Big Smoke put down the burger, slowly rose, and turned his head. 180 degrees. Just like an owl. His eyes glowed red, saliva dripped from his mouth, and he roared—wildly, inhumanly, loud enough to pop ears.

— Damn Big Smoke, — Pozzi realized. — It's a furry! Mutated! And judging by the stench—class 67 danger!

A chip suddenly fell from his pocket. The very one he'd found in one of the empty casinos upstairs. "HOUSE ALWAYS WIN" was engraved on it.

Pozzi picked up the chip, turned it between his fingers. The fake Big Smoke advanced, waving his hands, ready to tear apart.

— House always wins, huh? — Pozzi smirked. — Well, we'll see.

He tossed the chip in the air. It sparkled, spinning, and at that moment Pozzi put on glasses. Not regular ones, but the very ones he'd found back on vertigo—with the inscription "AGAINST THE SUN" (they ended up in his pocket, apparently left by the cabbage girls).

And he smiled.

A dazzling smile. Real, from the heart, triumphant.

Light from it struck with such force that the fake Big Smoke froze, shielding his eyes. But too late. Light multiplied, reflected off the chip, off the glasses, off the walls, and suddenly exploded with the power of a nuclear blast.

BOOM!

Everything around flooded with white. The fake furry screamed and began to melt, walls cracked, floor gave way. Floor 255 ceased to exist.

Pozzi fell through the hole, tumbled down and crashed onto something soft.

— Ouch, — he groaned, getting up. — Where am I?

He looked around. This was floor 254. And here, unlike the rest, it SMELLED OF FOOD.

Real food. Fried potatoes, burgers, pizza. Right in front of him stood a set table: mountains of food, drinks, desserts. And an inscription on the wall:

"FOR THOSE WHO PASSED 255"

— Oh, — Pozzi was delighted. — This is for me. Finally got some food!

He plopped down at the table, grabbed a burger and bit in. Taste was like the best Las Vegas diners.

— Divine, — he mumbled with a full mouth.

Took out his notebook (with dirty hands), found number 1525. Added:

+1 (class 67 furry, disguised as Big Smoke) = 1526

— Now that's order, — Pozzi said and continued eating.

Somewhere above, on the destroyed 255th floor, wind scattered the fake furry's ashes. And below, on 254th, Pozzi enjoyed a well-deserved lunch, not suspecting what awaited him on the following floors.

(To be continued...)
