ch4-wi#4: Sudo rm -rf

Pozzi writhed on the floor, his body disappearing and reappearing, arms and legs living their own lives, spreading in different directions. Everything swam before his eyes, numbers in the notebook jumped like crazy: 1542, 1547, 1553 — the kill counter grew by itself, although Pozzi hadn't touched anyone.

— Stop... — he croaked, trying to get up.

wittylunar sat in the chair, indifferently looking at the holograms. His fingers ran across the keyboard one last time. A command appeared on the screen:

sudo rm -rfv /*

— Goodbye, bug, — he said indifferently and pressed Enter.

And it began.

First a siren howled. Not an ordinary one, but some kind of digital, broken, faltering — wee-woo-wee-woo-bzz-trrr. The walls shook, went wavy, like an old TV. Server racks began to disappear — not fall, but melt, leaving only emptiness and a quiet squeak after them.

Everything around glitched. The ceiling became transparent, then purple, then disappeared completely. The floor went square, like in Minecraft, but each square lived its own life.

— What have you done? — Pozzi screamed, but his voice also glitched — it either sped up like a chipmunk, or slowed down to bass.

wittylunar suddenly jerked. His green hoodie began to crawl apart into pixels. He looked at his hands — they were melting too.

— Oh, — he said. — Seems I overdid it.

And disappeared. Just dissolved in the air, leaving only the inscription: "User wittylunar deleted".

Pozzi tried to get up, but the floor disappeared under him, and he fell into some colorful abyss. But he managed to notice out of the corner of his eye: in the corner, where the wall had just been, stood a skeleton. One of those that had chased them. In a top hat, in a tailcoat, with an AK-47 in bony hands.

The skeleton survived. He raised his skull, opened his mouth wide — silently, but clearly about to scream — and rushed toward Pozzi. Bony legs clattered on the glitched floor, but halfway the floor opened under him. Literally parted to the sides, like a digital abyss, and the skeleton fell down, waving his arms and dropping his machine gun.

— Cool, — Pozzi only managed to think, and the world completely fell apart into pieces.

---

Somewhere in the void...

Pozzi fell. Fragments of reality flashed around: pieces of stairs, casino fragments, rusty machines, furry faces, numbers from the notebook. All this whirled in a frantic dance, until suddenly it stopped.

He fell onto something solid. Opened his eyes. Lay on the floor in an ordinary corridor. Gray walls, dim lamps, smell of dampness. A sign lay nearby: "FLOOR 0".

— Zeroth? — Pozzi was surprised. — Haven't seen this yet.

He got up, brushed himself off. The notebook was in place. Opened it — number 1583 (counted while flying). Next to it a note: "wittylunar — deleted himself, doesn't count".

— Okay, — Pozzi sighed. — What's next?

Light burned at the end of the corridor. And music came from there. Familiar, about danger.

Pozzi walked toward the light.

(To be continued...)
