ch4-wi#5: The Hanged Man

Pozzi walked toward the light. The corridor was endless, walls changed color, but he was used to it by now. Finally a door appeared ahead — simple, wooden, without a sign. That very light poured from behind it and music played:

Danger, danger — at every step...

— My song, — Pozzi grinned and pushed the door.

The room was small, like a cell. Dim light bulb on the ceiling. Empty table. Chair. And on the chair... a person stood. Or rather, hung. With a noose around his neck, tied to a hook in the ceiling.

Pozzi froze, because the person was wearing a plaid shirt. Brown hair hung over his face. A notebook stuck out of his pocket.

— This is... — Pozzi whispered. — Me?

He didn't believe it. Walked closer. The body swayed slightly, though there was no draft. Pozzi reached out to touch, to check...

His hand went right through. Like through air. The body didn't even flinch, only the image distorted for a second, like ripples on water.

— Phantom, — Pozzi realized. — Glitch.

And at that moment it all began.

First the light went out. Then it flashed again, but now everything around was different. The walls disappeared, turning into an infinite purple-black space. No floor, no ceiling — only a colorful abyss that pulsed like a living thing.

Pozzi looked at his hands. They glitched too — fingers blurred, sometimes became transparent, sometimes multiplied. A red inscription hung on his chest, where his body should be:

ERROR
Texture missing
Model: player_pozzi failed to load

— Holy shit, — Pozzi exhaled. — I became a glitch myself.

He looked around. Everywhere he looked, the same red inscriptions hung. Some moved, some flickered. Instead of furniture and walls — emptiness and error messages.

Pozzi tried to take a step, but his legs didn't obey. Or rather, they obeyed, but moved the wrong way. He wanted to go forward — but went left. Wanted to turn — but was turned backward.

— What the... — he began, but his voice also glitched: it either disappeared or sped up to a squeak.

Suddenly another inscription floated out of the purple void, big, right in front of his face:

WARNING! UNIDENTIFIED BUG DETECTED
NAME: POZZI (POZZI)
STATUS: TRIPPING BADLY
RECOMMENDATIONS: REBOOT REALITY

— What reboot? — Pozzi tried to scream, but only a line flew out of his mouth:

"std::cout << 'HELP' << std::endl;"

The inscription flickered and changed to another:

SYSTEM: POZZI DEFRAGMENTATION LAUNCHED
PROGRESS: 1%... 3%... 7%...

Pozzi felt himself being torn apart. His body broke into pieces, each piece flew in its own direction, but he still felt whole. Memories flashed through his head: vertigo, furries, casino, Bill, FACE, MORGENSTERN, wittylunar. Everything mixed into one huge glitch.

PROGRESS: 34%... 51%... 68%...

— 68, — Pozzi managed to think. — My number...

PROGRESS: 99%... 100%

SYSTEM: DEFRAGMENTATION COMPLETE
POZZI GARBAGE COLLECTOR: 1583 DEAD OBJECTS DETECTED
MEMORY CLEANUP EXECUTING...

And everything disappeared. Purple color, inscriptions, errors. Only blackness and silence remained.

Pozzi hung in this blackness, not feeling his body. Only one thought: "Am I dead? Or is this another dream?"

A voice came from the darkness. Cold, mechanical:

— Pozzi. Can you hear me?

— Who's this? — he asked mentally.

— I'm the system administrator. You created too many errors. Will have to format you.

— But I'm real!

— Nothing's real. You're all just a set of numbers. Goodbye, Pozzi.

And silence. Only somewhere far-far away music began to play, very quietly:

Danger, danger — at every step...

And then nothing.

(To be continued?)
