ch0-tt#1: de_vertigo Map

Evening over the Nevada desert illuminated a pointed tower with neon—the heart of the de_vertigo map. Below, on the roof, behind an air conditioner, a figure in a plaid shirt lay in wait. Brown hair tousled by helicopter blade wind, eyes squinted.

— Pozzi in position, — he whispered into the void, adjusting his earpiece. — Furries activated near point A.

They called him different things: for friends—pozzi, for enemies—pozzitifon, and for furries—a nightmare with a laser sight. He hated them with all his soul. Furry, tailed, eared—anyone who dared wear a mascot suit in this harsh world of counter-terror.

Pozzi peeked from behind a crate. Three in zoo-costumes were jumping near the elevator, happily yipping. One, in a wolf costume, even danced a jig.

— Just you wait, — Pozzi smirked, and at that moment his consciousness drifted far away.

From Miami to the Mojave sands will be this trip... — echoed in his head. Las Vegas Strip lights floated before his eyes. He remembered being there a month ago, at the MGM Grand casino, spending chips on blackjack. Back then it seemed danger only waited behind the card table. How wrong he was.

Danger, for some money, danger... — the melody pulsed in his temples.

— Hey, plaid boy! — a furry fox shouted from below, pulling him from his memories. — Come to us, let's dance! We got a party today celebrating clearing the map of skins!

Pozzi slowly turned his head. His eyes began to fill with crimson light. Microscopic gears spun inside them, building energy.

— A party? — he repeated, jumping off the roof. Landed softly, right in front of the fox. — I love parties too. Especially with fireworks.

The fox backed up:

— Listen, dude, what's wrong with you... Put away your eyes, they're glowing!

— Just light bulbs, — Pozzi smiled. — About to have an illumination.

Two blinding laser beams shot from his eyes. The furry wolf didn't even have time to squeal—his costume instantly ignited and crumbled to ash. The fox tried to run to the elevator, but Pozzi, without moving, sliced his gaze across its back. The third, smallest, in a raccoon costume, covered his muzzle with paws and screamed:

— Don't! I won't anymore! I'll take off this stupid costume!

— Too late, — Pozzi said indifferently. — You already chose a side.

Red beams passed over the raccoon, and only a handful of polyester stuffing remained on the concrete.

Pozzi adjusted his shirt collar, took out a worn notebook and pencil from his pocket. Made another tally mark. Then looked at the sky—somewhere over Vegas, the first stars were already lighting up. Or maybe it was just neon reflecting off clouds.

— Seventeen for today, — he mumbled. — Sixty-seven total. Should've stayed at the casino. At least the danger there was honest.

Crackling came from the earpiece: "Pozzi, another group at point B. Coming with the bomb. Looks like they want to blow up not just the site, but our psyches with their floppy ears."

Pozzi sighed, spat, and headed for the staircase.

— Vegas, baby, — he smirked, mimicking Elvis. — Only instead of Monroe, I got tail-wearing freaks waiting.

Lasers in his eyes flickered again, ready for a new burst. And in the distance, against the sunset, a casino neon sign burned—one that shouldn't even be here on this map. But Pozzi knew: vertigo is a place where reality wobbles like a drunk croupier.

(To be continued...)
