ch0-tt#4: Not GTA

Pozzi wearily climbed the staircase. Steps steadily counted off floors: 776, 775... He'd lost count when a sound came from above. At first he thought it was more music—after the cabbage girls that stupid beat still rang in his ears. But no, this was something else.

"—Stop it!"

Pozzi froze. The voice was male, arrogant, and so full of pathos it made you want to punch it.

"I'm wearing a white tank top, but this ain't GTA..."

— Oh, God, Pozzi groaned. — Not this. Not another rapper.

He stuck his head out of the stairwell and saw him. On the landing, right at the exit to the roof where the broken helicopter stood, strode MORGENSTERN. In person. White tank top, chains, on his pants—literally ten guns, like in the song. He was clearly preparing for something important, maybe a music video shoot.

"I see a car: it's mine, but this ain't GTA"

— Hey! — Pozzi shouted. — Who are you anyway?

MORGENSTERN turned, saw a guy in a torn plaid shirt, wild eyes and a notebook in hand, and produced the classic:

— Ah shit, — he gasped and frantically reached for his pants.

Fingers ran along belts, trying to unfasten holsters. But ten guns is no joke, by the time you get them all out, by the time you rack them... Plus they seemed tangled in the chains.

— Freeze! — MORGENSTERN shouted, but Pozzi was no longer freezing.

He surged forward with speed unexpected for a tired man. Grabbed the rapper by both ankles with both hands, yanked toward him, and MORGENSTERN, losing balance, crashed to the floor, dropping two guns he'd managed to pull out.

— Let go, psycho! — the artist squealed, trying to fight back.

But Pozzi was already in a rage. He started spinning MORGENSTERN by the legs like a circus strongman with a kettlebell. Chains flew around, dollars (from somewhere in the pockets), and one gun that flew out of the pants whistled past Pozzi's ear.

— This is for GTA! — Pozzi shouted, making a revolution. — This is for the white tank top! — another revolution. — And this is because you're not GTA!

With each revolution the speed increased. MORGENSTERN was no longer screaming, only grunting, smearing into a white-gold blur in the air.

— Fly, birdie! — Pozzi snapped and released his hands.

MORGENSTERN flew out through the stairwell opening, flew across the landing and, miraculously not catching on the railings, flew straight onto the roof. And there, on the roof, stood his own helicopter. Bright, tricked out, obviously expensive. With an open door, lights glowing inside, music playing.

— A-a-a-a-a! — MORGENSTERN screamed, crashing through the open helicopter door.

He flew inside, tumbled across the cabin and crashed headfirst into the instrument panel. The helicopter rocked, something clicked, and the engine made a pitiful sound: vroom-vroom-vroom...

— Engine failure! — the pilot screamed, who apparently had been sitting at the controls all this time. — Engine failure! We're going down!

— Take off, idiot! — MORGENSTERN shouted, coming to his senses.

— I can't! — the pilot jabbed buttons. — Someone broke the instrument panel with their skull!

Black smoke poured from under the hood. The helicopter tilted and began to slowly slide off the roof.

The pilot grabbed the radio:

— All stations, all stations! Dispatcher calling! On de_vertigo map there's a crazy person! I repeat, a crazy person escaped from the asylum! In a plaid shirt! He has eye lasers! He just threw MORGENSTERN! Over!

— What asylum? — the speaker crackled back. — Are you drunk?

— No! He killed all the furries here! And threw cabbage girls out the window! And now MORGENSTERN is in the helicopter! We're falling!

The helicopter tore off the roof and, tumbling, fell downward. It fell seven floors, hitting antennas and air conditioners, and finally crashed into a building ledge.

BOOM!

A fireball shot upward. Debris rained down onto point B, where Pozzi had recently massacred.

Pozzi walked to the roof edge, looked down. There, at the 770th floor level, wreckage still burned.

— Flew seven floors, he stated. — Not 777, of course, but not bad.

He took out his notebook, found the page with number 1518. Thought for a moment.

— MORGENSTERN—should I count him or not? He's not a furry. And not a cabbage girl. Although...

Pozzi scratched the back of his head. Then shrugged and added:

+1 = 1519

— Let it be, he decided. — For the white tank top.

He put away the notebook and looked at the sky. There, high above, ghostly Vegas shone again. Casino lights beckoned, but there was no more helicopter. The furries' broken helicopter still stood smashed, and the new one had just exploded.

— Fine, — Pozzi sighed. — I'll go on foot. After all, Vegas wasn't built in a day.

He adjusted the remains of his shirt and trudged back to the staircase. Behind him, below, the faint pops of the burning helicopter still echoed, and somewhere far, far away, maybe even in another universe, quietly played:

"—This ain't GTA..."

— Go to hell with your GTA, — Pozzi grumbled and disappeared into the darkness of the stairwell.

(To be continued...)
